hi welcome to cooking with confidence
I'm chef de Lennox and today I'm going
to prepare for you a coal pesto pasta
salad it is so easy I promise you the
first thing I would do is prepare a
basil pesto now pesto just means it's
some kind of it's basically a basil leaf
and some kind of not today i'm going to
use pin yoli nuts which is your typical
way to prepare a pesto this is my basil
so we're bored get the basil in there
now we're going to get our pine nuts in
there now why would I did to make these
pine nuts more flavorful was I toasted
them in the oven at 375 degrees for like
maybe 6-7 minutes so they got nice and
toasty that brings out the natural oils
and I'm it makes a really delicious okay
men so I added the garlic I'm going to
add a little bit of olive oil and then
I'm gonna go ahead and get that started
how's that look easy right then I'm
gonna go ahead and add a little bit of
salt and pepper okay salt is fabulous
and pepper really easy okay buzz that
some more I'm gonna go and add the rest
of my oil my olive oil and I use a
fruity olive oil because it brings more
flavor to the party and its really
delicious okay that's that and before
you guys got here I went ahead and
prepared the pasta so today for this
recipe i'm making a rotini pasta and you
know what my kids don't know it but i
switched from white pastas to brown
process and you're healthier for them so
what they don't know it won't hurt them
I feel good about it so I'm going to add
now our pesto our basil pesto to this
pasta let's get this out of here mmm
this is so good and delicious i wish you
could smell this you know how easy was
that and then i'm going to go ahead and
fold in some freshly grated Parmesan
cheese that's the extra love right there
now if you wanted to you could have
added the the cheese to the food
processor but i like to have a little
bit of cheese texture in it when I make
my pastas the dis hum doing
today mmm this is really delicious if
you wanted to you can add red pepper
flakes that makes a little spicier mmm
how good does that look and it is so
delicious and how easy was that right oh
wow this is gonna be so good let's taste
this mmm Wow mm-hmm that is really
really delicious and it was easy right
hmm really easy I hope you try this
recipe at home again I'm d Lennox this
is cooking with confidence I'll see you
next time
you